# AWS Account Registration

AWS recomments to have 2 accounts, one root user and one 'normal' user.

## Root User

Root user is the main account required to manage AWS services. It has complete access to all AWS services and resources in the account. For the registration process, please follow the steps below:

1.	Navigate to https://aws.amazon.com/
2.	Choose “Create an AWS Account”
3.	Signup with your desired e-mail address and username
4.	Confirm the account with the verification code received by e-mail.
5.	Choose a strong password.
6.	Choose personal account.
7.	Enter your details.
8.	Add a credit card. (You will not be billed)
9.	Verify phone number with code received via SMS

## IAM User

AWS strongly recommends that you don't use the root user for your everyday tasks. 

An AWS Identity and Access Management (IAM) user is an entity that you create in AWS. The IAM user represents the human user or workload who uses the IAM user to interact with AWS. A user in AWS consists of a name and credentials.

To add a user please login to AWS console and follow the steps below:
1.	Login into https://aws.amazon.com/
2.	Search for “IAM” and navigate to IAM Dashboard
3.	Choose “User group” from right menu.
4.	Choose “Create Group”
5.	Add a group name, select “AdministratorAccess” from the “Attach permissions policies” section and then click on “Create group” at the bottom of the page
6.	Choose “Users” from the right menu.
7.	Choose “Create user”
8.	Enter desired username and click next.
9.	Enable “Provide user access to the AWS Management Console”
10.	Choose “I want to create an IAM user”
11.	You may choose an autogenerated password or specify one. We will go with the first option and click “Next”.
12.	In the “User groups” section, choose group created at Step 5
13.	Click “Next”, then “Create user”.
14.	In the final screen you will find the sign-in details.
